[dramatic music]
DAN KUSO: After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan Interspace
and forced us out, things took a turn for the worse
in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united
in the struggle to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred .
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago!
Bakugan, brawl!
[theme music]
(SINGING) What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
[dramatic music]
That's the stuff!
Yeah!
Meta dragonia.
[dramatic music]
We meet again, Kuso.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"True Evolution.\"
Barodius!
Dharak!
I admit, I'm impressed by your moxie
in coming here to face me.
Too bad your arrogance will be your downfall.
Dharak is the only one worthy of holding
the powers of Dragonoid Colossus,
so it's time that you hand them over.
Fat chance.
We only came to this stink hole for one reason.
Where's Jake?
We want him back.
And here I thought you would come
to fight for the big prize.
What do you mean?
It is pathetic how you place your loyalty to your teammates
before your own personal glory.
You've got some messed up priorities, dude.
Nothing in this world is worth betraying your teammates for.
You foolish child.
You don't even understand the scope of the incredible powers
you possess.
Really?
You want to bet?
Let's go.
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Show them what we've got, Pyrus Blitz Dragonoid.
[dramatic music]
It seems Drago has evolved again.
Evolved or not, he's no match for me.
Then why are you still standing there?
This will be fun.
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
Rise, Dharak Colossus.
Come, my minions.
[dramatic music]
All right, Colossus.
Is that fear I hear in your voice, Drago?
Ugh, you're the one who's afraid.
What's wrong, afraid to fight your own battles?
You wish.
[screeching]
Ready, Dan?
Yeah.
Ability activate!
Particle buster!
What a weak response.
Westwall Shield!
Your pathetic attacks are completely ineffectual
against Westwall Shield.
Ability activate!
Evil blow!
Blitz Reflector!
You guys aren't the only ones with a bag of tricks, you know.
Now, Drago!
Darkness Glow!
Ability activate!
Blitz hammer!
Nice!
Ability activate!
Dual Fernum!
Smashtor!
One more, Drago!
With pleasure!
Riptor!
Dharak, what are you doing?
Relax, already.
I'm just warming up here.
It's going to take a lot more than that.
Ability activate!
Blitz Wave!
Exokor!
How is it possible?
He's become more powerful than Exokor!
That's some Pyrus Blitz Dragonoid action for you, pal.
Now that we've got your minions out of the way,
it's just you and me, Dharak.
Let's do this.
Very well then.
[dramatic music]
What's wrong, Dharak?
Did you forget how to fight?
You'll pay for that.
[dramatic music]
Take him down!
MAN: Don't forget, Drago and Dharak are opposite sides
of the same coin.
What are you talking about?
MAN: I mean that Drago and Dharak are equally matched,
and this fight can go either way.
Need I remind you how critical it is that you
and Drago win this battle?
He is the only one who can protect
the power of the Sacred Orb.
If it falls into the hands of Barodius,
then the universe is doomed.
I won't let you take me down.
The power of the Sacred Orb has been entrusted to me.
This time, good will prevail.
Your power levels may have increased--
But you still don't have what it takes to defeat Dharak.
What's that?
You do not possess the killer instinct that
is required to be number one.
I still don't think they understand.
Perhaps I need to give them a demonstration.
Evil blast!
Darkness Glow!
Ability activate!
High Skewed Waver!
A little help, Dan.
Drago!
Buddy!
You've got to hang in there.
OK, pal?
Get up.
We've only just begun.
Drago!
Whatever happened to all your tough talk, Kuso?
I'm all talked out.
Ability activate!
Blitz Explosion!
That's right.
You like that?
Why do you continue to waste my time
with these puny counterattacks?
Incredible.
I hate to say it, but we can be in trouble, buddy.
I don't understand.
Even with my increased powers, I barely made a scratch on him.
As I said before, just because you possess
the power of the Orb doesn't mean you have
the guts to harness it properly, which is why I plan to take it.
Battle gear boost!
[dramatic music]
Battle gear ability activate!
Airkor Zayin!
[dramatic music]
What's that?
It's Drago.
Dan!
We can't lose the power of the Sacred Orb, Drago.
The power of the Sacred Orb will finally be ours, Dharak.
Dan!
Oh man, I got to pull this out.
COMPUTER: Ready, Jakalier.
Bakugan mobile assault vehicle, launch!
[dramatic music]
Nice rebound, Dan.
Thanks, man.
That was close.
Where are you running to?
No one's running.
Let's go.
Consecutive ability activate!
Shooting flamer!
Dual Fernum!
[dramatic music]
Kaboom.
Seriously.
Too bad we can't stay and watch the rest.
Avior's right.
We can't forget our part of the mission.
We have to rescue the others from the lab.
OK.
Let's go.
Wait a second.
I think it's important that our group splits up again.
But why?
Yeah, why?
We no longer have the element of surprise on our side.
We are undermanned.
But if Kazarina is expecting us, then our best bet
is to hit her from two sides, and hopefully the distraction
will give us a fighting chance.
I understand your logic, but it still sounds risky.
That may be so, but I think it's a risk worth taking.
How do we--
Princess Fabia and I will pair up and go one way,
and you two will go the other way.
Perfect.
I'm taking you down!
[dramatic music]
Dharak.
OK, I admit, that one had some bite to it, but not enough.
Thunder Probe!
He just won't stay down.
Then we hit him harder.
Let's see how you like this one.
Evil Blast!
I got you.
Shooting Flamer!
Oh yeah!
That's the way, Drago.
Dharak, focus on the mobile assault vehicle
and take it out first.
No problem.
Ability activate!
Exodus Waver!
[dramatic music]
Oh snap, he took out the Jakalier.
Now I'm really mad.
Me too.
But we can still take this.
COMPUTER: Ready, Axator.
Battle gear boost!
[dramatic music]
Let's finish this.
Battle gear ability activate!
Axator.
Engage!
Another shiny new toy?
It makes no difference, Dharak.
Finish him off or good.
This one's going to hurt.
[dramatic music]
Do you hear bells too?
Yeah, dude.
Now do you finally understand that I am far
more powerful than you, Drago?
Evolved or not, you will never be mighty enough to defeat me.
I think I have more than demonstrated that to you today.
I don't understand this.
If the power's entrusted to me, and we're
supposed to be strong enough to protect the Sacred Orb,
then why can't they help me take Dharak down?
MAN: The powers I gave you are just a starting point.
You may have changed in appearance
and gained some power, but your true evolution
has yet to happen.
But I already feel so different.
Tell us what we have to do so that Drago
can be fully evolved.
We'll do whatever it takes.
Hey, I'm talking to you.
Your time is up, Drago.
Bring it.
I know you fancy yourself a shining beacon
for all that is good in the universe,
but there is something you must realize,
darkness will always swallow light.
Maybe I haven't evolved because I'm not worthy enough
to protect the Sacred Orb.
Hold on!
You can't give up yet, buddy.
We can still win this thing, I promise.
We have to win this thing.
The fate of the entire universe depends on us, dude.
Dan.
We've won before without these new powers of yours.
All we need to do to believe in each other and no one
can beat us.
Maybe he's right.
Finish him now.
Take a look around, Drago, because the world is you
know it is about to disappear.
Drago, let's teach these clowns a lesson
and show them what working as a team can do.
I believe in you, buddy.
But even more than that, I believe in us.
Do you understand?
Yes.
I think I do.
Believe in our combined strength.
I do.
I believe.
Believe that you're doomed.
I believe in the power we have together.
[dramatic music]
Dharak!
Huh?
What's this?
It's a brand new ability card.
MAN: This is a sign that Drago's latest evolution is complete.
Evolution?
How do you mean?
MAN: A bakugan cannot fully evolve
unless they connect on a soulful level with their battler.
The belief you and Drago have in each other
has allowed him to achieve this.
My true evolution.
Awesome sauce.
Let's kick it, pal.
Ability activate!
Fire Dragon!
I can feel the power coursing through every inch of my body.
If you're finished with all this nonsense about feelings,
then let's fight.
Glad we're in agreement.
Your true evolution is truly pathetic.
Let's go.
Ability activate!
Westwall Shield!
[dramatic music]
MAN\" The key to bakugan evolution at this stage
isn't the amount of power one possesses,
but how they use that power to connect with others.
We've got this one.
All the way.
No!
That's what I'm talking about.
What?
Seriously?
That should have finished him off.
Dharak.
Why so surprised, Drago?
I told you, you couldn't defeat me.
Let's prove him wrong, Drago.
Fire Dragon!
[dramatic music]
There is no way I will lose to an inferior bakugan like you.
Dharak!
I am the most powerful bakugan.
And you will bow to me.
He's in really bad shape.
Dharak, give it up.
This is over.
Says who?
Losing to you isn't an option.
Do you hear me?
Dharak.
Silence!
Dharak, stand down.
[dramatic music]
This isn't possible.
Yeah!
You did it, Drago!
No, Dan, we did it together.
That was incredible.
I've never seen Dharak lose before.
We beat you.
Yes you did, brawler.
So what is it that you want?
Tell me.
Simple.
We want our pal Jake back.
OK.
Why not.
Go ahead and take him.
Jake!
I should warn you, he may be a little hard to handle.
Jake, it's me.
We came to get you and bring you home with us.
What do you mean?
You're wrong.
Gundalia is my home.
What are you talking about?
This isn't your home, buddy.
Sorry, Dan.
You're mistaken.
Jake, what are you doing?
[dramatic music]
Who would want to rescue these vermin?
This Bakugan Biological Research Center
sounds like a really terrifying place to me.
I'd rather not be going there.
Oh look, it appears we have a welcoming party.
Tell me, Nurzak, are you bringing
Princess Fabia as a peace offering to the emperor?
I think maybe Nurzak is looking for payback,
so these two are in kahoots.
Clever you, Stoica.
No more talking then.
Let the battle begin.
[dramatic music]
The sneak attack Nurzak and I were planning on Kazarina's lab
didn't go so well.
She and Stoica ambushed us and we
found ourselves in a heated battle behind enemy lines.
It was weird to fight alongside Nurzak after having
him as my foe for so long.
But somehow, we managed to make it work.
Maybe it has something to do with the sad story
he told me about how we both lost loved
ones to this horrible war.
Tune in and see for yourself.
It's pretty intense stuff.
Bakugan brawl!
Who knew that mortal enemies could have so much in common.
[theme music]